adding docs to README.md and yaml file (#59)
xmidt-org/scytale: README.md

# scytale
(pronounced "scyt-a-​le")

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/scytale.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/scytale)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/scytale/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/scytale?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/scytale/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/scytale)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/scytale/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/scytale)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/xmidt-org/scytale)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/xmidt-org/scytale)
[![Apache V2 License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20V2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/xmidt-org/scytale/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/xmidt-org/scytale.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)

## Summary
scytale is the API server of [XMiDT](https://xmidt.io/). Scytale will fanout the

> API request to [petasos](https://github.com/xmidt-org/petasos) to talk with talaria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API request to all the [petasoses](https://github.com/xmidt-org/petasos) that scytale knows of.
```

## Details

> Scytale has two API endpoints to interact with the devices: 1) get the statictics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scytale has two API endpoints to interact with the devices: 1) get the statistics for
```

> a device and 2) send a  [WRP Messages](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a device and 2) send a [WRP Message](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol)
```

> to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the device.  If the device isn't connected, a 404 is returned.
```

#### Device Statistics - `/device/{deviceID}/stat` endpoint
This will return the statistics of the connected device,
including information such as uptime and bytes sent.

> This information is retrieved from the talaria that the device is connected too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is retrieved from the talaria that the device is connected to.
```
